Add extract public testing utility type (#10)
infinum/ngx-nuts-and-bolts: libs/ngx-nuts-and-bolts/src/lib/testing/README.md

# ExtractPublic

> Use ExtractPublic custom type when you want to extract public members of class. It could prove most useful when creating test doubles for your services or components[^1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `ExtractPublic` custom type when you want to extract public members of class. It could prove most useful when creating test doubles for your services or components[^1].
```

> 

Reviewer: Add this piece of text for more context on why this helper is needed:

>You might be wondering why you couldn't simply do `class UserTestingService implements UserService`? Good question! Perhaps unexpectedly, that would require you to implement `private` and `protected` members of `UserService` as well as `public` members. You can find a more detailed explanation [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/issues/18499).

## 1. Usage

```ts
export class UserTestingService implements ExtractPublic<UserService>{
...
}
```

> [^1]: Using this custom type with components could result in redundant code in test doubles since e.g.component could contain public methods used in templates which could be unnecessary in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: Using this custom type with components could result in redundant code in test doubles since e.g. component could contain public methods used in templates which might be unnecessary in the testing double.
```
